hello today we are going to elaborate an extract
natural homemade vanilla for it
We're going to need two vanilla pods
and a high alcoholic drink
graduation like vodka can be
our homemade vanilla extract
We're going to need a cutting board
a sharp knife a funnel and a
glass bottle as dark as possible
I've got this violet color and
it has to be very important with a
hermetic closing you can observe that
this bottle has the typical closure with
the pressure cap this may be worth
it does not matter the size because what
we want is to make enough extract from
vanilla so that we do not miss a
good season
Now with the help of a good knife
sharp and the kitchen table we are going to
open the vanilla pods but not the
we want to go down completely simply
we want the seeds of vanilla
be well exposed
for this we are going to print some cuts
longitudinal along the pod and
let's go with the help of the knife go
opening the pod little by little
once we have the cracked pods
and with the seeds exposed we are going to
insert them into the bottle that we have
prepared to prepare the extract of
vanilla
and finally with the help of a small
funnel like the one you see on the screen
we are going to pour the content of the
bottle of vodka in our bottle with
the vanilla pods is very important
that vodka completely covers the pods
vanilla
and finally it remains to label our
bottle and put the date on it
we put for the first time the pods of
vanilla in maceration with alcohol is
very important to know this date put
that needs at least three
months in maceration and from then on
all the time you put is better
still now we put it on August 10
August to have a good extract of
vanilla from here to Christmas
with respect to the conservation of
our homemade vanilla extract what
what we have to know is that there is
keep it in this dark bottle in a
cool place dry and away from light
that is to say we can put it inside
of a cupboard in our kitchen in the
background and save it there for three or
four months until we can return
to use
remember that the longer you are in
Vanillas submerged in alcohol
stronger and more intense will be the taste
of the vanilla extract obtained by
you can keep it for three
months or more to get a good taste
vanilla
once you have the vanilla
elaborated and are already satisfied with the
flavor obtained you can change it to other
smaller bottles and distribute
between your friends
On the other hand, if you want to continue maintaining
your vanilla inside the bottle
original you can continue using the es
say once elaborated go taking the
spoons that you need to
your recipes and so that the level of
liquid is never below the level
of the vanilla pods remember
as long as the amount of liquid that
take it out you have to add it again
in vodka and keep macerating that how much
the longer the vanilla is inside the
better and more intense alcohol will be the
flavor of the vanilla extract obtained
The main difference between
vanilla that we can buy in a
shop and the homemade one is
the color the taste is practically going to be
indistinguishable after a period of
big time the color that the
vanilla that we buy in
stores will be quite darker
because the cold procedures to the
that submit them and the liquor with which
elaborate is darker than the vodka that
the only one is really transparent
difference will be that our vanilla
homemade will have a little more color
pale but the taste is going to be
completely the same